## Output Area to Workplace Zone to Local Authority District (December 2011) Lookup in England and Wales

A lookup file between Output Areas (OA), Workplace Zones (WZ) and local authority districts (LAD) as at 31 December 2011 in England and Wales. This lookup has been provided with an 'indicator' field, that define the lookup between 2011 OA and WZ. There are four designated categories to describe the changes, and these are as follows: - E - Where an OA is the same as a WZ. - S - Split. This is where the OA has been split into two or more WZ. There will be one record for each OA that has been split into a WZ. - M - Merged. This is where two or more OA have been merged to form a WZ. - X - The relationship between the OA and the WZ is irregular and fragmented. There are instances where an OA has not exactly matched to a WZ. This is where the OA may have been either split then merged or merged then split, but into fragments that do not allow exact joining between OA and WZ. The constraints on WZ creation were to ensure a minimum of 100 workers and three workplace postcodes, and to constrain within MSOA. The 'X' code indicates it was not possible to meet these constraints and to create WZ purely through splits or mergers of OA. (File Size 8.7MB).Field Names – OA11CD, WZ11CD, LAD11CD, LAD11NM, LAD11NMW, IND

Field Names – OA11CD, WZ11CD, LAD11CD, LAD11NM, LAD11NMW, IND

Field Types – Text, Text, Text,
Text, Text, Text

Field Lengths – 9, 9, 9, 36, 36, 1

Field Lengths – 9, 9, 9, 36, 36, 1

[CSV](../csv/150.csv) / [data.gov.uk](https://data.gov.uk/dataset/bf7c85d4-d74b-4035-8f33-d999b4c765b0/output-area-to-workplace-zone-to-local-authority-district-december-2011-lookup-in-england-and-wales)

