## Output Area to Westminster Parliamentary Constituency to European Electoral Region (December 2011) Lookup in England and Wales

A best-fit lookup between Output Areas (OA), Westminster parliamentary constituencies and European electoral regions (EER) as at 31 December 2011 in England and Wales. A ‘best-fit percentage’ indicator has been included in this lookup, to support an understanding of the actual relationship between the OA and the higher geography to which it has been best-fitted. This ‘best-fit percentage' indicator has been calculated by working out the percentage of the OA population that falls exactly within the output geography. This is calculated by plotting the grid references of the households into the output geography and aggregating the population that actually falls within the best-fitted geography. Only the higher geography to which the OA has been allocated will be given a percentage match. The other higher geographies that the OA shares its population with are not included in the best-fit lookup, and so will not be given a ‘best-fit percentage' indicator. The only exception to this will be those higher geographies, designated as having a ‘small population’. These are certain geographies that are smaller than an OA and therefore do not contain an OA population weighted centroid. For completeness of coverage, these geographies are included in the lookup based on a manual allocation of an OA to the geography, and will therefore also be given a percentage match of the OA population to the geography. Due to the nature of the OA design, and administrative area realignment, there are some OA which have low or no population in the higher geography to which they have been allocated. This is the result of the distribution of the population within certain OA, but they should still be allocated to higher geographies based on their population weighted centroid, in line with the Geography Policy for National Statistics and to keep the methodology for the production of best-fitted statistics consistent. (File Size 11.6MB).Field Names – OA11CD, PCON11CD, PCON11NM, PCON11NMW, OA11PERCENT, EER11CD, EER11NM, EER11NMW

Field Names – OA11CD, PCON11CD, PCON11NM, PCON11NMW, OA11PERCENT, EER11CD, EER11NM, EER11NMW

Field Types – Text, Text, Text,
Text, Text, Text, Text, Text

Field Lengths – 9, 9, 43, 43, 3, 9, 24, 24

Field Lengths – 9, 9, 43, 43, 3, 9, 24, 24

[CSV](csv/173.csv) / [data.gov.uk](https://data.gov.uk/dataset/4350cfe3-3c2f-4443-8dfc-413fad5907fb/output-area-to-westminster-parliamentary-constituency-to-european-electoral-region-december-2011-lookup-in-england-and-wales)

