## Lower Layer Super Output Area (2001) to Lower Layer Super Output Area (2011) to Local Authority District (2011) Lookup in England and Wales

A best-fit lookup between lower layer super output areas as at December 2001 and lower layer super output areas and local authority districts as at December 2011 in England and Wales. This product has been provided with a 'change indicator' field, that define the lookup between 2001 and 2011 LSOA. This field indicates which output areas / super output areas have changed between 2001 and 2011. There are four designated categories to describe the changes, and these are as follows: - U - No Change from 2001 to 2011. This means that direct comparisons can be made between these 2001 and 2011 LSOA. - S - Split. This means that the 2001 LSOA has been split into two or more 2011 LSOA. There will be one record for each of the 2011 LSOA that the 2001 LSOA has been split into. This means direct comparisons can be made between estimates for the single 2001 LSOA and the estimates from the aggregated 2011 LSOA. - M - Merged. 2001 LSOA have been merged with another one or more 2001 LSOA to form a single 2011 LSOA. This means direct comparisons can be made between the aggregated 2001 LSOAs’ estimates and the single 2011 LSOA’s estimates. - X - The relationship between 2001 and 2011 LSOA is irregular and fragmented. This has occurred where 2001 LSOA have been redesigned because of local authority district boundary changes, or to improve their social homogeneity. These can’t be easily mapped to equivalent 2011 LSOA like the regular splits (S) and merges (M), and therefore like for like comparisons of estimates for 2001 LSOA and 2011 LSOA are not possible. Each 2001 LSOA with an ‘X’ code is best-fitted to a 2011 LSOA by plotting the 2001 LSOA’s centroid into a 2011 LSOA boundary. However, this does not imply an exclusive 1:1 relationship with a 2011 LSOA, as it will also have a relationship with fragments of other 2011 LSOA; the lookup is provided here so that all 2001 LSOA are included in the lookup (File Size 2.7MB).

[CSV](../csv/220.csv) / [data.gov.uk](https://data.gov.uk/dataset/afc2ed54-f1c5-44f3-b8bb-6454eb0153d0/lower-layer-super-output-area-2001-to-lower-layer-super-output-area-2011-to-local-authority-district-2011-lookup-in-england-and-wales)

