## Clinical Commissioning Group to NHS England (Region, Local Office) and NHS England (Region) (April 2017) Lookup in England (Version 3)

This file is a lookup between Clinical Commissioning Groups, NHS England (Region, Local office) and NHS England (Region), as at 1 April 2017 in England. This file replaces the Clinical Commissioning Group to NHS Region (Geography) to NHS Commissioning Region (April 2017) Lookup in England file. The version 3 of the lookup supersedes the previous version of the same name and contains:We were notified of a late CCG change between NHS Norwich CCG and NHS South Norfolk CCG. Eight LSOAs were moved from NHS South Norfolk CCG to NHS Norwich CCG. The eight LSOAs were E01026895, E01033538, E01033540, E01026924, E01026925, E01026916, E01026917 and E01026918 and have now been allocated to NHS Norwich CCG and the lookup have been recreated as V3. Please note that NHS Norwich CCG (E38000218) and NHS South Norfolk CCG (E38000219) have new 9 character codes. (09/05/2017). Previous corrections include:The newly formed clinical commissioning groups - NHS Cumbria CCG (E38000215), NHS Morecambe Bay CCG (E38000216) and NHS Manchester CCG (E38000217). The newly formed NHS England (Region, Local Office) - NHS England North (Cumbria and North East) (E39000039) and NHS England North (Lancashire and South Cumbria) (E39000040)A name change for NHS Cumbria CCG to NHS North Cumbria CCG (05/05/2017)Organisation Data Service, part of NHS Digital, received formal confirmation from NHS England that they wished to update the collective organisation role/type names for the NHS Region (Geography) and Commissioning Region areas. The new name for these geography entities are NHS England (Region, Local Office) and NHS England (Region), respectively. This is purely a change to organisation role names. The associated organisation role codes, and the names and codes of individual organisations of this type, will all remain unchanged.  (File Size - 23 KB)Column Descriptions:CCG17CD | Text | 9CCG17NM | Text | 54NHSRLO17CD | Text | 9NHSRLO17NM | Text | 48NHSER17CD | Text | 9NHSER17NM | Text | 28FID | Number | 3

[CSV](../csv/222.csv) / [data.gov.uk](https://data.gov.uk/dataset/2e94f5b2-8514-4a61-86c9-353121e19d85/clinical-commissioning-group-to-nhs-england-region-local-office-and-nhs-england-region-april-2017-lookup-in-england-version-3)

